hi I'm Julianne Kay makeup artist from
Maybelline New York when it comes to
your face I know that many of you are
seeking a natural look you want to
highlight your features without
overdoing it so I'm going to demonstrate
how you can best achieve this look with
Maybelline's new dream collection the
first step to proper foundation
application begins with a clean face
that's well moisturized I want to
achieve a very natural look which is why
I'm gonna use Maybelline Dream nude air
foam
this is a foam foundation it's really
unique because it's lightweight and it
has a nude finish before you use the
foundation you're gonna want to make
sure that you shake it very well pull
the can upright and dispense on the back
of your hand you only need to dispense a
walnut sized amount all you need is a
little on your hands and start from the
middle of the face and work your way
about you really love how this just
blends into the skin you can feel how
lightweight this is continue taking
small amounts of foundation and applying
until you've covered your entire face
and that's how you get a beautiful
natural looking finish now that your
foundation is set you are ready to apply
concealer i'm going to apply Maybelline
Dream Lumi touch highlighting concealer
this concealer is like a pen when you
first use it you're going to want to
click the bottom about ten times before
you start seeing the product on the
brush
and then apply to the back of your hand
to work it into the bristles of the
brush this is going to ensure that you
have a nice even application using the
brush apply the concealer to the under
eye area and on any imperfections it's
gel based so you'll notice it glides on
smoothly it's great because it not only
corrects imperfections but also
highlights to brighten your overall look
who wouldn't want that especially around
the eyes for enhanced brightness use a
concealer in the inner corners of your
eyes to give you that well-rested look
make sure when blending under the eye
that you always Pat that's such a
sensitive area so you don't want to pull
and tug at it another great place to
apply the concealer is to use it as a
highlight down the bridge of the nose
also above the eyebrows which gives you
an instant lift dream Lumi touch
concealer makes it so easy to freshen
and brighten your complexion the last
step to a beautiful dream look is blush
a lot of people skip blush but adding
some color to the apples of your cheeks
can make a big difference I'm going to
use Maybelline Dream bouncy blush this
blush is so cool because of its bouncy
texture you'll notice as you press into
the blush that it's spongy it kind of
bounces back
so I'm just gonna use my thumb and tap
it a few times I'm just gonna lightly
tap the apples of the cheek this blush
is a unique formula that looks and
blends like a cream but feels as light
as a powder if you'd like to build more
color intensity just apply more blush
what I'd love about this blush is that
you can achieve a natural pop of color
that won't fade or make you look overly
blush like some other powders do so
that's your natural look in three easy
steps foundation concealer and blush and
you're good to go